Come on, come on!
Damn it.
Now at least I understand.
- What?
- A new love Will make a man brave.
You understand?
Let's hope so.
What are you doing?
Just thinking.
Been here all night?
Pretty much.
That's a lot of thinking.
I'm just trying
to find the words
to say what I want,
in a way
that you'll hear.
There's nothing
to say, Mad.
Bullshit.
Travis...
you kept your promise
to Liza.
You did. She asked you
to protect him,
and in this world...
this new world,
where the rules
are different
and always changing,
that's exactly what you did.
He's safer where people
understand him.
I want to believe you.
I know.
That's not going
to happen right away.
I'm gonna make you
a promise.
I'm gonna hold on
to it for you.
Remind you
every chance I get
until you do believe it.
You belong here.
So, when you're ready,
come downstairs.
Hey, it's the guy with the ratty hair!
Get down!
We have the Oxy.
Oxy.
We want to talk to Marco.
Yeah?
Hey.
You hungry?
Yeah.
They cook everything
in here in lard.
It's pretty delicious.
Should I?
Yeah, sure.
Travis, I'm sorry.
| feel like I pushed Chris
further away by being so...
No.
You were scared.
You had
every right to be.
Look...
Chris...
he's sick.
I couldn't see it.
He's my son.
Look, I'm sorry
that I didn't believe you.
I'm sorry that l...
I didn't protect
you better.
I should have.
It's okay.
This is where they keep the Sombras.
How will we get in?
With a lot of firepower.
Well, my cousins are ready.
It will be
like stealing candy from a child.
Look at you! Surprise! Surprise!
/ know you found us.
The gringo learns fast.
l'm oﬁ‘ering you this.
We deliver every week
on time.
Your word,
you leave us alone.
/ like him.
I like you.
You've got nothing to hide,
not like any Gringo I ever met.
But the game's over.
We don't need
your shit anymore.
You see that guy?
He controls all the drugs
left in Tijuana.
His people and my people,
we didn't used to get along.
Now I got something
he wants.
And we are like
best friends now.
You know what I got?
A fortress.
I know how
you get in, out,
using the sombras
as your army.
- Very chill nights up on that hill.
- Very good.
So, if you don't
want to die,
leave today.
All those people...
Where do you want us to go?
I don't give a shit
what happens to your people.
Come here, gringo.
So, you run back
and say this...
you leave now...
or die.
Hey, how'd it go
last night?
Better than expected.
A night of sleep
without fear
is good for the soul.
Hey.
Andres hasn't slept.
Most people haven't seen
a doctor since it began.
- They seem appreciative.
- That's good.
Oh. What's that smell?
- Dude, don't say it.
- Wait, don't say what?
- Don't say it.
- What, that it smells like "Mexcrement"?
Your countrymen.
Can we kick them out?
Seriously,
they're actually awful.
Where did
they come from?
They showed up
late last night.
They were in a wreck.
Andres says that one's
got a dislocated shoulder.
He didn't have the heart
to send them away.
My man needs
some medical attention.
- Hello? Please?
- All right, I'm gonna see what I can do.
Keep your voices down.
Oh, don't worry, ma'am.
These people are docile.
Oh, yeah?
Well, I'm not.
So, you guys
were in an accident?
Yeah, sorry.
My buddy's
in a lot of pain.
I think
it's dislocated.
What about you?
You got banged up, too?
No, not even a scratch.
I swear, Derek made
some kind of a deal with the devil.
I mean, the truck
must've rolled, what, a dozen times?
| get this.
The driver...
Our buddy
who was driving...
he didn't make it.
I'm sorry.
What happened?
He let an idiot drive
is what happened.
Now our truck is totaled,
and we're stuck here
in a sea
of border bandits.
It's not my fault,
Brandon.
Dude, I'm just
stating the facts.
No, you're the one who said
he wasn't pulling his own weight.
I didn't know the guy
didn't have his license,
you did.
Seriously, who the hell
grows up in LA. without a license?
I don't know, man.
He was only 16.
Yeah, when l was 16
I'd been driving for over a year.
Derek, you said
your name was?
Yeah, that's right.
Strand?
What now?
Two American guys
showed up last night.
They were in an accident.
The guy that was driving
their truck was killed.
That's tragic.
And?
They're the guys
that Travis left Chris with.
You sure?
Derek and Brandon.
And just the way
Travis described them,
what are the chances
of that?
Travis can't know
they're here.
If I get rid of them,
then we don't get
the truth about Chris.
Orl know, I suspect,
and I don't tell Travis?
Isn't it
his right to know?
The old rules of conduct
no longer apply.
Breathe.
Okay, Travis abandoned
his only child.
- No, he didn't.
- He left him with these men.
- He didn't abandoned him.
Yes.
And I told him it was
the right thing to do for Chris.
I told him it was
the best thing to do.
Let me ask you something,
what keeps you going?
In this world, what gets you up
in the morning?
My kids... Nick, Alicia.
That's right.
With her, you've got
this amazing young woman,
this amazing young woman
who you wake up to every single day.
And with Nick, it's the hope
that he's out there, alive.
- He is.
- And the hope that you'll see him again.
l have that hope
with Thomas.
But now the...
It's a dark place,
Madison.
Do you think Travis
can survive losing that hope?
He's already broken.
That'll kill him.
- It's not... we can't take 300 people...
- I'll look for them.
- Es verdad, but we need to tell...
- Nick.
Okay, give me
a second, all right?
Where have you been?
You went there,
didn't you?
- Don't lie to me.
- I'm not, I'm not, yes.
I went to see Marco,
okay?
We made the drop.
I know Alejandro
told me not to,
but I had to.
They found us.
Lucy, they're coming
for the colonia.
How? When?
Soon.
We have to tell
Alejandro now.
Luciana.
Yes.
Okay.
Hey, hey.
I am sorry
I snuck away, all right,
anleInever
lie to you.
- I told you not to go there, Nick.
- I had to, okay?
l was worried if they were coming for us,
it was going to be soon.
- It is.
- We are outnumbered, outgunned.
They know how to get
in and out.
All we have going on
for us is gone.
How can you say that?
We need a plan,
Alejandro.
Okay, I'll get Reynaldo
and the other scouts.
We'll gather supplies
while you tell the others.
But, look,
we need to leave now.
Today,okay?
We pack what we can,
we get everyone together
and we start walking.
Nick!
What is happening? No! No!
No. No, no.
It's alright.
I'm fine.
We flee death,
and we give ourselves to death.
What is it?
Just worried
about time.
We don't have a lot.
It is faith
what matters most.
It is this
what will protect us.
We flee death,
and we give ourselves to death.
This will be
a crowd-pleaser.
Andres is gonna fix
your shoulder.
Well, it's about time.
Hey, you sure
you know how?
Yeah, I'm sure.
But it's gonna hurt
like hell.
Let's get you somewhere
with a little more privacy.
You have a room.
Oh, we're getting out
of this shit-hole?
That's the best news
I've heard in days.
Got it?
Let's go.
Where are they going?
Where do you take 'em?
Are they getting a room?
No one's getting a room.
They're just getting medical attention.
But they got here after us and my
husband still hasn't seen the doctor.
His injury is urgent. Your husbands
foot will be looked at very soon.
- You prefer Americans!
- Where do you take them?
How can you do this?
Hey, leave them here!
Open the gate.
These assholes are leaving.
Chris!
Travis?
Travis!
Dear God.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Paco.
What the hell you doing?
No, no, hey.
You can't do this.
- No!
- You have to go.
You gotta go.
They're gonna kill you.
- Then protect us.
- We'll die out there.
No. No way
we're going out.
- No goddamn way.
- Wait, stop! Stop!
- Maddie! Wait!
- Get off me!
Stop!
Where's Chris?
Where's my son?
Come on, Brandon,
tell me where he is.
Where is my son?
Come on, tell me.
I need to know.
What is it?
I'm leaving.
We're leaving.
Faith is not going
to protect us when the shooting starts.
We're not leaving.
Alejandro needs us.
That's not
a reason to stay.
Our people need us.
- Alejandro's gonna find an answer.
- No.
He won't find any answers, okay?
He can't.
Clean it good?
Antiseptic?
What is it
you think you saw, Nick?
I saw you afraid.
Yesterday, you were afraid
of people leaving.
Today, you're afraid
of that bite.
l was shaken.
- There's a difference.
- You're lying.
You're petrified.
What are you
talking about?
Tell her.
You want to do this?
No, I don't.
But they are coming
to kill us.
Look, the only way
I am going to get her
to leave
is if you tell her
what you really are.
- Callate. Enough.
- Tell her!
Enough!
What are you
talking about?
lam not immune.
You're warm.
You have a fever.
He's infected.
But I saw it.
I saw him bit.
- I saw it.
- You saw what you wanted to see.
l was bitten by the boy.
The addict
I tried to save.
People told a story
they wanted to believe.
I didn't disabuse
them of it.
I told the story,
not people.
Me, my brother.
You let us
believe you.
VVhy?
When they started
to rally around me,
I knew that we could
build this place to protect ourselves.
You mean they could build it
to protect you.
l have fear.
I didn't want to die.
And I knew
I would out there.
But more people survived
because of this place.
More people survived
than died because of my lie.
No one survives
what's coming, okay?
Look, I'm sure as shit
not committing suicide
for a fraud.
Lucy, please.
Just come away
with me.
- Lucy.
- Please.
Lucy.
/ brought you here
under false pretenses.
But the love you feel is real.
You're like a daughter to me.
And you...
l have lost so many.
I know.
And when someone is dead for me,
I let them go.
-Luci, please...
-No.
We have to go.
I'm not leaving.
We have to.
We have
to go now, okay?
No.
This place,
this is what matters.
This is my home,
like I've never known one.
But you don't
have to die for it.
I'm not planning
on dying.
- The faith we have, it has protected us.
- It's a lie.
It doesn't mean
it hasn't worked.
We have fared better here
than out in the world.
Better than we fared
even before
this all started.
For most of us
this is the first time
we have a place,
a family.
I'm not leaving.
Our Father,
Who art in heaven.
Hallowed be Thy Name.
Come on.
Hello, Miss.
Welcome to America.
I'll tell you
everything, all right?
I will, man,
but I can't think straight
with my arm like this.
Yeah, can you fix
my man's shoulder, Travis?
Please?
Can you do that?
Trav?
It's okay, Maddie.
l... Ijust need to know.
- That's it?
- Yeah, you'll be sore a few days,
but that's it.
Now, tell me.
What happened to my son?
Look, we'll tell you
what happened.
All right? But...
Look, we're scared here,
Travis.
Now, you gotta
promise something.
- Please.
- We'll tell you.
We'll tell you. Come on, we'll tell you!
But we need to know
we're being put out.
We can't go with no vehicle.
We need a car to get back.
- Done.
- Madison.
No, I said it's done.
We didn't get far.
After we left.
Wasted.
Banditos on the highway...
it was all one step fonNard,
two steps back.
We were on no sleep.
Me and Derek
doing the driving.
We could barely keep
our eyes open.
Chris...
he volunteered, man.
Okay, look, we didn't ask.
He offered.
Yeah, he wanted
to contribute.
What happened next?
It went sideways, man.
He must've dozed off.
I'm sorry.
The next thing you know...
we started rolling.
The truck must've rolled
a half a dozen times.
Chris went through
the windshield.
He was dead
when we found him.
Was he?
- What?
- Was he dead when you found him?
Yeah.
Yeah, man, he was.
I'm sorry, Travis.
His neck was sort of jacked,
you know?
Like he broke it
going through the glass.
Trav?
Yeah.
Where is he?
Where's Chris?
Where did you leave my son?
We took care
of him after, Travis.
We pulled him out
and we...
we buried him by the tree.
He would've liked it.
So, was he thrown
or did you pull him out?
What?
- Which was it?
- No, he was thrown.
He was thrown
and we pulled him
the rest of the way
to the tree.
- Travis.
- Let them go.
Just let them go.
Let them go.
Travis,
what the hell, man?
Travis?
Travis!
- Travis! Travis!
- Hey!
- No, Travis!
- Stop!
What did you do?
Tell me what happened.
Tell me.
Tell me the truth.
- Tell me what happened!
- Travis, stop! Travis!
Tell me the truth.
- Travis.
- Please!
Get the keys.
Get the goddamn keys!
Tell me!
Where's my son?
All right, Travis,
we'll tell you, man.
- Please let him go.
- Where's my son?
We'll tell you, man.
Please!
We'll tell you
if you promise to stop.
Please.
Travis.
No. No.
Please.
All right, we did it.
We killed him.
All right, we put him down.
We had to.
We had to, man.
- Travis, no.
Please stop.
Please.
Travis, you have to stop.
Hey, stop!
That's enough!
Travis, no.
- Rah!
- Travis!
Travis, stop it!
Trav!
That's enough, Travis.
Travis!
Travis.
Travis, let him go.
- No, please stop.
- Travis, no.
- Please.
- Travis! Please, stop it!